uh no they got this sealed off bunker
there's a couple different ways to get
in here and for whatever reason it
didn't work for me one way you can you
can summon the kamikaze darkling and
sometimes he'll run inside the building
and destroy the door but I tried a
couple times to do that and it didn't
work for me or you can just use your
creepin dark snake man and unlock the
door from inside when you go inside
there's going to be a couple guys in
this room
I thought it was pretty interesting how
this is a quote unquote hail but you're
blowing away Germans I mean I thought
that be something you'd be doing in
heaven but or as a Christmas in heaven
or call duty game yeah i mean not quite
the doom hill that were used to know so
use the creeping dark to go through the
little the hole in the ceiling up there
and unlock the next door and then summon
a gunner or another kamikaze and then
they'll run up and destroy the wall up
ahead so you can get out of the other
side of the bumper
the flame of life shall be put into
shadow
oh he's everywhere in the face of death
they say he had no fear his comrades
when they're naked the Flanders gray
wrote on a rough Hume cross a cavalry
stood near without fear you're going to
need to reach the village through the
sewers but be sharp about well with that
other yang Gor ensure a one in the
village my name is Captain William
eldritch second arm able the British
Expeditionary Force who must be the yank
we've been hearing about
you're going that way son and I wouldn't
fall about I've seen things down there
that would make grown men cry if I were
you at their sharp don't look back
whatever you do
there's no explanation for what's
happening me maybe this place isn't a
place at all maybe it's a state of mind
I mean I'm supposed to be dead I
remember you I remember the gunshot
think I'm in hell dead no man will be
lost forever nothing for you here